if you go through your career I think you'll find there a lot of times
when you'll see a place you want to be career wise we're not quite
there yet you don't have that skill you don't have that experience you
have the reputation but I don't think you can do much affirmative
to make that happen I think it's just a matter of being alert to the
fact that I need to be here but I'm here I need to figure out how
to get for them on the beach and and keep that in mind en route and
remember that it's it's never things okay I don't have to change do
okay you always want to be thinking how can they do this better how
could he do this more can I be more useful go after